The perfect teacher is the Buddha Amitabha.
The perfect retinues are the pain relief that belongs to the Pima pain relief.
There are many male and female body circles.
The human body is surrounded by the perfect retinues.
The Pima pain relief is the pain relief that belongs to the Pima pain relief.
During that time, there were many dappas and dappinis, heroes and heroines of the dappas and dapp
inis.
The whole living also came joined with those retinues, but the retinues and mantic species,
the rakusta, the union bridge, all the Buddhas and bodhisattvas, please emanate it.
Great emanation that will benefit for all the living beings, for sake of all the living beings.
The moment there were that great journey, rakusta, or prayer,
that moment all the Buddhas of the 10th direction began to emanate a tremendous power of light,
light, wisdom light, that absorbed to the Buddha Amitabha's heart center.
At that moment, from the heart center of the Buddha Amitabha began to emanate
the golden wagera with the decorated by the tree syllabus.
And then the golden wagera, the golden wagera, denoted by the little tree syllable,
that kind of went in the direction of the southwest direction of the Buddha Amitabha's pure light,
or the devotee's pure light.
And then that direction plays a beautiful light, a white light, and then known as the white light,
or merk, merk light.
And it's kind of dissolved, that the golden merk dissolved to that light.
[speaking in Hindi]
At the moment, that golden wagera with the little trees denoted, that dissolved to that light, that
merk light.
At that moment, instantly, and the five lotus appeared in the top of the five lotus,
there is five thumptrengzas, all the five golden thumptrengzas,
all the five light spoke garlic to thumptrengzas appeared on top of that five lotus.
[speaking in Hindi]
And that, so known as the gurul thumptrengzas, and so five gurus of the gurul mighty spoke garlic.
That is specifically mantra for these five thumptrengzas.
[speaking in Hindi]
And at that moment, the novel of the gurul thumptrengzas raised up from the group, assembly, and
asked to the bodhagamitabha,
please, could you tell me, could you tell us, sorry, tell us,
the special teachings of these five emanations of the thumptrengzas,
or the gurus of this emanation, which you emanated.
(speaking in foreign language)